"I have always believed that each man makes his own happiness and is responsible for his own problems. It is a simple philosophy."
When we have respect for ourselves and others, we gravitate towards connections that encourage that.
Anger is the ultimate destroyer of your own peace of mind.
Children really brighten up a household. They never turn the lights off
"No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm."
Congratulations! today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away.  Dr. Seuss, Oh, the Places You'll Go!
If I can help people I'll do it by giving them a chance to help themselves; and if I can uplift or inspire, let it be by example, inference and suggestion, rather than by injunction and dictation."
"Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting."
We must dare to think unthinkable thoughts
"We must dare to think unthinkable thoughts."
Remember to focus on goals that are within your control
A positive philosophy turns into a positive attitude, which turns into positive actions, which turns into positive results, which turns into a positive lifestyle. A positive life.
To love your neighbor as yourself, after all, is the great injunction of every religion.
"I learned really to practice mustard seed faith, and positive thinking, and remarkable things happened."
"Life itself is the proper binge."
"In any project, the important factor is your belief. Without belief there can be no successful outcome."
I can give you a six-word formula for success: Think things through, then follow through.
"I can give you a six-word formula for success: Think things through, then follow through."
Make a conscious effort to let go of fear and act from a sense of consciousness that will empower and protect you. You are strong. You are greater than the fear!
You can be rich and famous and still end up being unhappy.  Ryanne Knight, Success
"One must live the way one thinks or end up thinking the way one has lived."